# WebDev Assignment M&B Book Shop
By Mark Clancy Sutton and Ben Connell

<h1>Front-end by Ben </h1>
The front-end is derived of 2 folders, pages and components. The pages contain the components such as the header or sidebar.
 The main page of the site is the home.js file. This file displays the carousel component created in the Carousel.js file. It also has a row of cards that are linked to the AllBooks.js page. This page is then surrounded by the footer.js component, the header.js file and the sidebar.js file. These are all imported and implemented across all pages as they all contain links around the site.

<h1>Back-end by Mark </h1>
In the backend is is all controlled by server.js which uses the functions and methods exporeted from the other .js files to connect to the mongodb server using the connection string and set it up to listen in on port 5000. The usermodel and bookmodel both crete the scheama that the database collection of users and books will be based off of and then export those to their repective controllers to allow them to do CRUD.In the controller folder both usercontroller and bookcontroller have created the functions to do CRUD on the 2 database collections books and users and export those functions to bookroutes and user routes. In the routes file for both of these collections is where the link between the front and back end is created by using the in built function of express.Router() to set up the get,post,patch and delete routes that we need when they are called in the front end to then start the function that they are linked with from the controller files. This will then allow the user form the front-end to access the datavabse in a limited settting to complete CRUD oeprations. 

<h2>Deployment </h2>
To deploy our react-app can be done by installing the dependencies form both frontend and backend then run the backend using npm run backend and run the front end using npm start frontend. This should then open the react app and you can then see the books and login to the webpage. To login to do the CRUD operations you first would need to register an account to the email admin@gmail.com and password as admin12. This only must be done if the database that you are connecting through is different then the connection we have already configured as of uploading. Then to login as the admin and have access to the databases login using the email admin@gmail.com and password admin12 this should then redirect you to the userlist webpage then showing you all registered users allowing you to edit and delete them if you wish to. It also gives access to the book database using the button near the top left. While logging in also if you use a registered accounts details that isn't admin you will be redirected to the home page. Then you can explore as you wish too, even seeing a limited version of the book database without the ability to edit and delete like their is on the admin version of the page you can do this by hitting the information button on a card and then more info on that pop up. 

